Simpler instance creation (#707)
sindresorhus/got: documentation/lets-make-a-plugin.md

# Let's make a plugin!

> Another example on how to use Got like a boss :electric_plug:

Okay, so you already have learned some basics. That's great!

When it comes to advanced usage, custom instances are really helpful.
For example, take a look at [`gh-got`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gh-got).

> It looks pretty complicated, but... it ain't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It looks pretty complicated, but... it's really not.
```

> Before we start, we need to find the GitHub API docs: https://developer.github.com/v3/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we start, we need to find the [GitHub API docs](https://developer.github.com/v3/).
```

Let's write down the most important information:
1. The root endpoint is `https://api.github.com/`.

> 2. We will use the V3 API vesion.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We will use version 3 of the API.<br>
```

   The `Accept` header needs to be set to `application/vnd.github.v3+json`.
3. The body is in a JSON format.
4. We will use OAuth2 for authorization.
5. We may receive `400 Bad Request` or `422 Unprocessable Entity`.<br>
   The body contains detailed information about the error.
6. *Pagination?* Not yet. This is going to be a native feature of Got. We'll update this page accordingly when the feature is available.
7. Rate limiting. These headers are interesting:

- `X-RateLimit-Limit`
- `X-RateLimit-Remaining`
- `X-RateLimit-Reset`
- `X-GitHub-Request-Id`

Also `X-GitHub-Request-Id` may be useful.

8. User-Agent is required.

When we have all the necessary info, we can start mixing :cake:

### The root endpoint

> Not much to do here, just extend an instance and provide `baseUrl` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not much to do here, just extend an instance and provide the `baseUrl` option:
```

```js

> 'use strict';

Reviewer: ```suggestion```

I don't use this in examples.

const got = require('got');

const instance = got.extend({
	baseUrl: 'https://api.github.com'
});

module.exports = instance;
```

### v3 API

GitHub needs to know which version we are using. We'll use the `Accept` header for that:

> ```js

Reviewer: Import Got in all the examples to keep them consistent.

const instance = got.extend({
	baseUrl: 'https://api.github.com',
	headers: {
		accept: 'application/vnd.github.v3+json'
	}
});
```

### JSON body

We'll use [`options.responseType`](../readme.md#responsetype):

```js
const instance = got.extend({
	baseUrl: 'https://api.github.com',
	headers: {
		accept: 'application/vnd.github.v3+json'
	},
	responseType: 'json'
});
```

### Authorization

> It's popular to set some environment variables, say `GITHUB_TOKEN`. You can modify the tokens in all your apps easily, right? Cool. What about... we want to provide a unique token for each app. Then we will need to create a new option - it will default to the environment variable, but you can easily override it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's common to set some environment variables, for example, `GITHUB_TOKEN`. You can modify the tokens in all your apps easily, right? Cool. What about... we want to provide a unique token for each app. Then we will need to create a new option - it will default to the environment variable, but you can easily override it.
```

> Let's use handlers instead of hooks, our code will be more readable later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's use handlers instead of hooks. This will make our code more readable.
```

Reviewer: Maybe mention why it will make the code more readable?

```js
const instance = got.extend({
	baseUrl: 'https://api.github.com',
	headers: {
		accept: 'application/vnd.github.v3+json'
	},
	responseType: 'json',
	token: process.env.GITHUB_TOKEN,
	handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			// Authorization
			if (options.token && !options.headers.authorization) {
				options.headers.authorization = `token ${options.token}`;
			}

			return next(options);
		}
	]
});
```

### Errors

> We should name our errors, just to know there is a problem with your request, so you don't have to figure it out on your own. Superb errors, here we come!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We should name our errors, just to know if the error is from the API response. Superb errors, here we come!
```

```js
...
	handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			// Authorization
			if (options.token && !options.headers.authorization) {
				options.headers.authorization = `token ${options.token}`;
			}

			// Don't touch streams
			if (options.stream) {
				return next(options);
			}

> 			// Magic begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			// Magic begins
```

			return (async () => {
				try {
					const response = await next(options);

					return response;
				} catch (error) {
					const {response} = error;

					// Nicer errors
					if (response && response.body) {
						error.name = 'GitHubError';
						error.message = `${response.body.message} (${error.statusCode} status code)`;
					}

					throw error;
				}
			})();
		}
	]
...
```

### Rate limiting

Umm... `response.headers['x-ratelimit-remaining']` doesn't look good. What about `response.rateLimit.limit` instead?<br>
Yeah, definitely. Since `response.headers` is an object, we can easily parse these:

```js
const getRateLimit = ({headers}) => ({
	limit: parseInt(headers['x-ratelimit-limit'], 10),
	remaining: parseInt(headers['x-ratelimit-remaining'], 10),
	reset: new Date(parseInt(headers['x-ratelimit-reset'], 10) * 1000)
});

getRateLimit({
	'x-ratelimit-limit': '60',
	'x-ratelimit-remaining': '55',
	'x-ratelimit-reset': '1562852139'
});
// => {
// 	limit: 60,
// 	remaining: 55,

> // 	reset: 1562852139000

Reviewer: This should show the Date object.

});

...
	handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			// Authorization
			if (options.token && !options.headers.authorization) {
				options.headers.authorization = `token ${options.token}`;
			}

			// Don't touch streams
			if (options.stream) {
				return next(options);
			}

			// Magic begins.
			return (async () => {
				try {
					const response = await next(options);

					// Rate limit for the Response object
					response.rateLimit = getRateLimit(response.headers);

					return response;
				} catch (error) {
					const {response} = error;

					// Nicer errors
					if (response && response.body) {
						error.name = 'GitHubError';
						error.message = `${response.body.message} (${error.statusCode} status code)`;
					}

					// Rate limit for errors
					if (response) {
						error.rateLimit = getRateLimit(response.headers);
					}

					throw error;
				}
			})();
		}
	]
...
```

### The frosting on the cake: `User-Agent` header.

```js
const package = require('./package');

const instance = got.extend({
	...
	headers: {
		accept: 'application/vnd.github.v3+json',
		'user-agent': `${package.name}/${package.version}`
	}
	...
});
```

## Woah. Is that it?

> Yup. View the full source code [here](examples/gh-got.js). Here's an example how to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yup. View the full source code [here](examples/gh-got.js). Here's an example of how to use it:
```
